Some language improvements and better active voice for OTEL collector. (#482)
kubewarden/docs: docs/howtos/telemetry/10-opentelemetry-qs.md

## Install OpenTelemetry {#install-opentelemetry}

You use the [OpenTelemetry Operator](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator)
to manage the automatic injection of the OpenTelemetry Collector sidecar
into the PolicyServer pod.

The OpenTelemetry Operator requires installation of [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/)
in the cluster.

> At the time of writing (2024-12-23), only specific versions of OpenTelemetry are compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing (2022-06-21), only specific versions of OpenTelemetry are compatible
```

with Cert Manager, [see the compatibility chart](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator#opentelemetry-operator-vs-kubernetes-vs-cert-manager).

You should install the latest cert-manager Helm chart:

:::note

> At time of writing (2024-12-23) the latest cert-manager chart version is `v1.15.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At time of writing (2024-07-17) the latest cert-manager chart version is `v1.15.1`
```
